The initial display of the main webpage, home, shown in Fig. 1, presents the user with the title of the game, a play button, a selection of difficulties for the AI, a link leading to the instructions, and finally a link to the reports and summaries page. The title of each page visited after the main webpage will link back to the initial display, Fig. 1. The play button leads the user to the main gameplay interface, selecting play from here does not display the instructions to the user. The instructions may be accessed from the main webpage, creating a new display (Fig. 2). There is a secondary link back to the homepage on the bottom left corner of the page. On the right of the page there is a link to the main gameplay interface, Fig. 3.
After completion of required specification, if time allows, a new link called Choose Your Opponent (Fig. 6) will be added to the main webpage. This page will replace the use of the easy, medium, hard difficulty selections with one link to a new interface for AI opponent selections. Users may click on a desired opponent, if the selected opponent is not initially front and center, opponents will circle around to display the new selected opponent. When a character is shown in the front, their name and difficulty level are displayed below them (ex. The Redneck Jim Bob - Easy) as well as a link named select opponent that leads to the main gameplay interface (Fig. 3). 
The gameplay interface displays user and AI names and scores, the draw and discard pile and an optional message box to assist the user in gameplay (ex. after drawing a card: “Select a card in your hand to replace.”). Users will click on cards to perform operations throughout gameplay. A button under the users hand allows declaration of “rat-a-tat cat” to end the round/game. There are also three links at the bottom, home (Fig. 1), instructions (Fig. 2), and reports (Fig. 5). When a score of sixty is reached by either player, the game outcome screen is displayed with accompanying audio appropriate to the user outcome. At the bottom are 3 links leading to home (Fig. 1), instructions (Fig. 2), and reports (Fig. 5). Moving onto the reports page, under the game title exists a drop down menu allowing the user to select which report to view. On the left any graphs or relevant charts are shown and on the right is any information necessary for explanation. The last link loops directly to the main homepage interface.
